[Dexter] Previously on
Dexter: New Blood...
It's me.
Harrison.
[Dexter] It's just a few things.
in case you decide you want to stay.
I'm Jim's son.
Son?
I guess you met my mom.
The cop.
Chief of police.
The one dating your dad.
[Fred Jr.]
Matt Caldwell's been cleared.
He wants the gun dropped off
at his dad's lodge.
♪ mysterious. gentle music playing ♪
[gunshot]
[snorting]
[Matt whoops. laughs]
You see what I did there. Jim?
[grunts]
[inhales deeply]
- [clanging]
- What the...?
You have no idea what you're doing!
- [grunts]
- [groans]
[Angela] Matt Caldwell disappeared
in the woods near here last night.
Your place is close
to all the public hunting grounds.
I was hoping we could set up base camp
for the search here.
I just found this
about a mile down the trail.
- right before I got to the...
- The highway.
What's going on?
[Angela] Evidence points
to him fleeing the area.
What are you talking about?
My son has disappeared.
and we need to find him now.
We'll keep going through the night.
Matt's out there.
I'm gonna find him.
if it's the last thing I do.
♪ low. tense music playing ♪
♪ pulsing. mysterious music playing ♪
♪♪♪
[Dexter] Ah. wilderness.
Snow. Ice.
Privacy.
Well. maybe not so much privacy.
I've got a search party
all over my property
looking for someone
who's literally under their feet.
[indistinct chatter]
All because I made one tiny mistake
and killed someone.
♪♪♪
Now I need to search for a way
to get everyone off my land
so I can be a proper dad for my son.
- Okay. Let's go. buddy.
- [drone buzzing in distance]
Five more minutes? This drone is so cool.
We're meeting with the school principal.
First day. Don't want to be late.
Okay.
- Thanks. Logan.
- Oh. yeah. Anytime.
Oh. hey!
You wanna wrestle?
I'm the assistant coach
of the high school team.
- You should try out.
- [Harrison] Cool.
- Y-Yeah. I'll-I'll think about it.
- Jim. you okay with your son wrestling?
Uh... sure.
- Sounds good.
- Yeah. it's a great sport.
Teaches you personal growth.
confidence. mental toughness.
Logan! We're going back to the station.
There's been a break in the case.
[Dexter] A break in the case? Perfect.
What happened?
Talk later. Jim.
What do you think it is?
You think they found the body?
We'll find out soon enough.
Let's go.
♪ dramatic music playing ♪
♪♪♪
[gasps]
[Strode] By the way. Jim.
my husband loves
that fishing rod you talked him into.
Great.
He said you were right.
Having that fast action helps him
put more pressure on the fish.
- Glad it worked out.
- [Strode] Me. too.
So. I've been looking
at Harrison's grades.
and I have some concerns.
Concerns? [exhales]
In just one year.
he went from a 3.8 down to a 1.2.
then back to a 3.0.
Why is that?
I'm not exactly sure.
Uh. my stepmom died.
Oh. Um...
I'm so sorry.
Is that why you moved
from Argentina to Miami?
Yep.
So. who did you move to Miami with?
Uh. I was placed
in the foster care system.
Foster care?
And where were you?
[Deb] Yeah.
Why don't you tell them
why you left your beloved son?
[stammers] Things were complicated.
ma'am.
Um...
My stepmom and I had just moved.
And when she died. uh.
Jim had no way of reaching me.
- It's not his fault.
- [footsteps approaching]
- Hi. Jim.
- Oh. hey. Tess.
You must be Harrison.
I'm Ms. Silvera.
the science teacher here.
I heard you speaking Spanish
the other day.
Uh. ¿de dónde eres?
Puerto Rico.
¿Dónde aprendiste Español?
I lived in Argentina
for a few years.
- [chuckles]
- Ms. Silvera will be administering
Harrison's placement exam.
Then we'll know which grade level he's at.
And you'll know a little more
about your son.
[chuckles] I'm not surprised the salon
was shut down for health violations.
I mean. Sally has really been
letting things slide
ever since Edgar fell off
the wagon and started...
- Rose-Ellen. I will call you later.
- [door closes]
- Hey. Is Angela around?
- [chuckles]
Conference room.
Apparently. Reservation Land Management
has footage of Matt Caldwell
shooting that deer.
Footage?
Who knew there were cameras
out there? [laughs]
[Dexter] I sure didn't.
- Huh.
- What do they even need them for?
I mean. we know how deer mate.
- [chuckles]
- Jim. I need to talk to you.
♪ slow. tense music playing ♪
♪♪♪
[Dexter] Great.
I'm gonna be brought down
by three small-town cops...
This is Sam. from Land
and Wildlife Management.
...and a zoologist.
We need you to clear something up for us.
Happy to.
Heat signatures?
It's pretty cool. huh?
Very. [exhales]
[Angela] Okay. pause it.
Does that look like the rifle
you sold to Matt?
Uh...
I'm guessing it's a...
Modern Outfitters MC6 with...
what looks like a very distinctive
Leupold scope.
It's just like the one I sold Matt.
So you're saying that this is my son.
Well. this confirms
that Matt shot the deer.
And gets us no closer to finding him.
Actually. we did find one more thing.
From the next quadrant over.
about 20 seconds earlier.
He's heading for the same spot
as the first guy.
[Kurt] There's someone else in the woods.
We need the angle
that shows where they went.
There's a blind spot.
[Kurt] Blind spot?
Why is there a fucking blind spot?
This system is set up for animal tracking.
not crime surveillance.
- There's gonna be tons of blind spots.
- Ah. Goddamn it.
Contact tribal police.
Call Albany and get CSI out here and. um.
go secure the crime scene ASAP.
Yep. yep.
Oh. so now it's a crime scene?
[Angela] Yes.
You had no idea there were cameras
all over your people's lands.
You've been treating this
like it's some kind
of goddamn missing persons case.
and. the whole time. you had
a suspect under your fucking nose?
That's the way these things work. Kurt.
We find new evidence. Things change.
Now it's a criminal investigation.
Look. if this guy did something to Matt.
we'll find him.
You could check the hunting licenses.
We sell 'em at the store.
I can make a list.
Which I won't be on.
Let's interview everyone
who came in contact with Matt
in the 48 hours before he disappeared.
[Logan] On it.
Maybe he wasn't out there alone.
[indistinct chatter]
[Zach laughing]
What's up. Zach?
Yo. Yo. they got you taking
classes already. or what?
Not yet. I-I just took
the placement test.
It was cake.
Check out the big brain on H.
[chuckles]
Yo. man. Look at this shit.
- [laughter]
- [clamoring]
- Who's Ethan?
- That ballsack over there.
[laughter]
[phone chimes]
Hey. you should see the shit
he sends her.
Ooh-ooh. oh-oh.
Somebody's in love!
That's fucked up.
[Zach] Right? [laughing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hunting licenses... all from this year.
Hopefully this'll help point you guys
- in the right direction.
- Great. Thanks.
Wildlife cameras.
Who knew?
Not me.
Guys like Kurt have been doubting me
ever since I joined the force.
Now I've given him
all the ammunition he needs.
I was calling off the search
after the first day
because I found a glove.
What was I thinking?
[Dexter] What I wanted you to think.
If I learned anything.
it's that people don't just disappear.
There's always a reason.
Well. you're a good cop.
You'll find him.
Uh. that was fast.
Maybe we'll start getting some answers.
Damien.
Ah. Damn it!
You need another hand?
Oh! [chuckles]
Much obliged. [grunts]
Are you the CSI from Albany?
Well. originally
I'm from St. Louis. but...
You mind if I watch you work the scene?
- I'm a big fan of those CSI shows.
- [Kurt] Hey. I'm coming. too.
It's my son they're looking for.
As long as you both
stay outside the crime scene
and don't disturb
the corpus delicti.
Corpus de-what?
- It's Latin for "body of evidence."
- [crashes]
Damn it.
[camera shutters click]
[Dexter] Not out of the woods yet.
What you doing. Mr. Church?
Some of the blood coagulated
differently than the rest.
so I'm testing it
to see if it came from the deer
or if it's human.
[Dexter] Exactly what I would've done.
Blood is the body's...
[Dexter] Truth.
...truth.
It's human.
Someone may have mixed it in
with the deer's blood so we'd overlook it.
[Dexter] Uh-oh. This guy's good.
Kurt. we don't even know
if that's Matt's blood.
And even if it is.
he could've cut himself.
People cut themselves
dressing animals all the time.
Or maybe it's from the other guy
who was out here.
So. what. somebody attacked Matt
because of that stupid deer
and he fought him off?
- Is that it?
- It's possible.
- Shit.
- Damien. what do you think happened?
[Dexter] Come on. Damien.
fail me now.
The victim came from over there.
- [whoops]
- The attacker from over there.
Judging by the pool of blood.
they met up right around here.
where the deer was shot.
There was some sort of...
altercation.
The attacker overpowered the victim.
knocked him down.
The victim then fell...
backwards...
hitting his head right about...
Huh. There was a rock here.
Must've been removed after the attack.
I suspect it caused a head injury.
Wait. so what exactly
are you saying happened here?
[chuckles] What I'm saying is somebody
committed an attack.
then tried to cover it up.
We're looking at foul play.
[Dexter] I've gotten rusty
in my abstinence.
Well. what now?
How do we find the son of a bitch
that did this to my son?
We still don't know whose blood this is.
We need to establish that first.
That's true.
[Angela] Kurt. with your permission.
I want Damian to do a familial DNA test.
We'd run a sample of your DNA
against the human blood
that we just found and...
if it's a match.
it will confirm that it's Matt.
[stammers] All right.
W-Whatever. Whatever you need.
[phone buzzing]
[overlapping indistinct chatter]
- This is Jim.
- [Strode] Hello. Jim.
It's Principal Strode.
Yeah. I'm kind of in the middle
of something right now.
It's about Harrison.
We need you to come down to the school.
Harrison scored higher
than any student has ever scored
on the school placement exam.
So you had me come all the way down here
to tell me how great my kid is?
Tess left the room for 15 minutes.
And when she came back. he was done.
- The test was easy.
Some of the questions on this test
are for Advanced Placement students.
College-level.
I believe while Tess was gone.
Harrison used his cell phone
to look up answers.
I did not.
Did you cheat?
You accusing me of lying...
Jim?
No.
I'm happy to proctor the exam again.
There you go.
You take it again. no phones.
I did not cheat.
Then you'll prove it.
Oh. thanks for having my back.
Like always.
[sighs]
- [indistinct chatter]
- [fire crackling]
- [Dexter] Tea.
- Oh. that's perfect.
I'm about to head out.
Got to check on the results
of the DNA test
and confirm the search dog team.
Search dogs?
- Yep. Should be here tomorrow.
- Wow.
You're ramping things up.
At this point. I'm just hoping
it's not too late.
It's not.
Search dogs? Jesus fuck. Dex.
- I know.
- You have to move Matt's body.
Those dogs are gonna walk
a straight line from the crime scene
- to your fucking firepit.
- I know.
It's not just about you anymore.
- I know!
- Do you?
It was a one-time slipup.
It doesn't change who I am.
Who is that. exactly?
- Stop.
- Or what?
You gonna kill me again?
Or are other people gonna die?
Because that's what always happens. right?
- Right?!
- Not this time. No.
[knocking on door]
- [Harrison] What are you doing in there?
- All yours.
All yours.
Just so you know. Retook the test.
Got a higher score than the first time.
That's great. Congrats.
[sighs]
[phone buzzing]
This is Kurt.
It's Chief Bishop.
Apologies for calling so late.
Good news or bad?
I'm afraid it's a match.
The blood we found
is almost certainly Matt's.
I'm sorry.
Well. you should be.
You made my son out
to be some kind of criminal.
I wasn't wrong about that.
Excuse me?
Matt shot a white buck
on sovereign Seneca territory.
A crime that carries a sentence
of at least several thousand dollars.
I don't give a shit about that!
I only care what happened to my son.
My guess is that the other person
out there in the woods
saw Matt shoot the deer
and wasn't too happy about it.
Well. at least now you're starting
to sound like a real cop.
With all due respect.
I have been running this search
with zero state funding.
At the crack of dawn.
I'll have 60 volunteers
as far out as Clarke Mountains.
The next day. we will cover
the entire quarry.
The day after that.
we will canvass the caves.
We will not stop until we find your son.
The caves? You think he's that far out?
Matt's a smart guy.
Maybe he went looking for shelter.
What about the summer camp?
I'm having a group splinter off.
We're searching there. too.
[sighs] Listen. Kurt.
I know you're grieving.
- And I...
- Just call me
when you have an actual lead.
[sighs] Goddamn it.
["Avalanche" by Leonard Cohen playing]
♪♪♪
♪ Well. I stepped into ♪
♪ An avalanche ♪
♪ It covered up my soul ♪
♪ When I am not this hunchback ♪
♪ That you see ♪
♪ I sleep beneath the golden hill ♪
♪ You who wish to conquer pain ♪
♪ You must learn. learn ♪
♪ To serve me well ♪
♪ He does not ask for your company ♪
♪ Not at the center ♪
♪ The center of the world ♪
[panting]
♪♪♪
[pants]
[Dexter] First the glove. now the scent.
One plus one equals...
Matt.
["Runaway" by Del Shannon playing]
♪♪♪
♪ As I walk along. I wonder ♪
♪ A-what went wrong with our love ♪
♪ A love that was so strong ♪
♪ And as I still walk on... ♪
[buzzer sounds]
♪ ...of the things we've done together ♪
♪ While our hearts were young ♪
♪ I'm a-walkin' in the rain ♪
♪ Tears are fallin' and I feel a pain ♪
♪ A-wishin' you were here by me ♪
♪ To end this misery ♪
♪ I wonder. I wa-wa-wa-wa-wonder ♪
♪ Why. why-why-why-why-why ♪
♪ She ran away ♪
♪ And I wonder ♪
♪ Where she will stay ♪
♪ My little runaway ♪
♪ My run-run-run-run-runaway ♪
♪♪♪
[exhales slowly]
[gunshot echoes]
[Dexter] Wouldn't want
to be prey around here.
Hunters get up way too early.
♪ And I wonder ♪
♪ Where she will stay ♪
♪ My little runaway... ♪
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
Looks like you had a long night.
Yeah. one of Mrs. Gross' sheep
was lambing.
She needed my help.
I'm sorry I wasn't here
to make you breakfast.
Don't worry about it. [sniffles]
I've learned how to take care of myself.
I got to get to school.
You gonna drive me. or should I walk?
[Dexter] Why not?
Not like it's been a long night
or anything.
[clears throat]
[Logan] Morning. Jimbo!
Got a sec?
Sure.
So. uh. we got the results
from the DNA test.
It's confirmed.
The blood was Matt's.
[sighs] Oh.
I'm sorry to hear that.
But not surprised.
Anyway. um...
Angela has tasked me to interview everyone
who saw Matt in the days
before he went missing.
So I just need to ask you a few questions.
It won't take long.
I have to take Harrison
to school. but. uh...
I could stop by the station during lunch.
Cool. Appreciate that.
Oh. and. uh. Harrison?
Saw you signed up for wrestling.
Yeah. Yeah. Can't wait.
Real men are made on the mat.
All right. see you soon.
- [dogs barking]
- [Dexter] Great. Police dogs.
I hope they have as much fun running
around the woods as I did last night.
Thanks for making it out on short notice.
It's how it always is.
Nobody ever plans on going missing.
- Hey. little guy...
- [Rusty] Yo! Yo. yo. yo.
No touching.
They don't need no confusion
with your petting.
This is Matt's.
- Let's bring him home.
- Sure.
Here you go. boy.
[barks]
All right. guys. Find Matt!
- [barks]
- Let's go!
[woman] Let's go. Go. go!
[barks]
["I Just Really Think I Miss You"
by The Pistols playing]
♪♪♪
Police Chief Bishop. right?
- Yes.
- Hi. you know.
I heard what happened
and I just had to come help.
Uh... fresh eyes and legs
are always welcome.
It's just so tragic.
you know. hometown hunk.
larger-than-life personality.
Are you a friend of Matt's?
Nope. Just a citizen activist.
Hey. is it cool if I tag along?
Maybe search with you?
Uh. you should check with Sergeant Logan.
He's handling the volunteer assignments.
Hot cop? [chuckles] He can totally get it.
Thank you.
Excuse me. Sergeant Logan!
- Hi.
- Have a good...
- [door slams]
[sighs]...day.
- No time for naps. bro.
- [groans]
Creating that false scent trail was smart.
but it's not gonna throw them off forever.
Ideas?
This town is small as fuck.
but there's got to be
someplace to hide a body.
What about your lake? Just like old times.
It's too shallow. some fisherman's liable
to catch a piece of Matt.
Iron Lake Cemetery?
The ground's too frozen this time of year.
Oh! I know!
["Bad Ass Bitch" by Lunachicks playing]
♪ She will cut you into threads ♪
♪ Fuck your ass up until you're dead ♪
♪ With her six-inch heels. ha ♪
♪ Right between the eyes ♪
♪ If looks could kill... ♪
Little Fargo. don't you think?
Who are you? Are you Dexter Morgan
or are you fucking Goldilocks?
None of these places
are gonna work long-term.
What the shit do you mean "long-term"?
Are you planning on fucking killing again?
No. I mean. over time.
the body parts will be discovered.
All I want is everyone off my property.
a good night's sleep.
and a chance
to make things right with Harrison.
It's one and done.
Then I'm just a dad.
["All I Have to Do Is Dream"
by The Everly Brothers playing]
♪ Dream ♪
♪ Dream. dream. dream. dream ♪
♪ Dream. dream. dream ♪
♪ When I want you ♪
♪ In my arms ♪
♪ And all your charms ♪
♪ Whenever I want you ♪
♪ All I have to do ♪
♪ Is dream ♪
♪ Dream. dream. dream ♪
♪ When I feel blue ♪
♪ In the night ♪
♪ And I need you ♪
♪ To hold me tight ♪
♪ Whenever I want you. all I have to do ♪
♪ Is dream ♪
♪ I can make you mine ♪
♪ Taste your lips of wine ♪
♪ Anytime night or day ♪
♪ Only trouble is ♪
♪ Gee whiz... ♪
- Angie.
- Miriam.
Haven't seen you
in these parts for a while.
- Yeah. I know. Sorry.
- So. what brings you here?
I'm looking for Johnny Bullhorn.
He's on a list of some people
I need to speak with.
It's related to Matt Caldwell.
You don't think Johnny had something to do
with him disappearing. do you?
No. I just have to ask him some questions.
Well. you're wasting your time.
Johnny couldn't have hurt the Caldwell kid
because he's been sick with the flu.
I've been taking care of him all week.
I still just have to talk to him.
- You don't believe me?
- Miriam.
I'm running this investigation
the same as I would if it were one of us.
Please don't make this about Iris.
When you girls were younger.
Iris always thought the two of you
would move to the city.
Start a band. Creator knows what.
Well. maybe she's out there somewhere now.
Just...
singing her heart out.
[laughs softly]
[indistinct chatter]
Harrison!
Hey.
Kaitlin's not real.
What?
Your online girlfriend. She's not real.
Zach's been catfishing you.
Who the fuck are you?
Harrison.
Why are you telling me this?
Because guys like Zach
shouldn't always be top of the food chain.
About Matt.
Uh. how many interactions
did you have with him
in the week before he went missing?
[sucks teeth] Uh. I'm thinking... three.
- Uh. once at Fred's and then...
- At The Tavern and again at his party?
- You've done your homework.
- [chuckles] It's my job.
Uh. any of the... exchanges heated?
[grunts]
- Nah. they were pleasant enough.
- Hmm.
A couple of folks have said that. um.
they'd seen you hunting
in the area he went missing.
but you don't have a hunting license.
Well. I wasn't hunting. I was hiking.
With a gun?
For protection.
Uh. you identified
the-the rifle Matt used.
Can you give me any help with this one?
Uh... looks like
it's probably a Remington 700.
There's... [chuckles]
over a hundred of 'em
in this town alone.
Uh. uh. were you hunting...
[chuckles] I'm sorry. hiking.
in the woods the day Matt disappeared?
- No.
- Where were you?
- In my cabin.
- Alone?
Well. as you know.
until very recently. I lived alone.
And you were there all day?
Until I went to work. yeah.
So the last time you saw Matt
was at his party?
[chuckles] Yeah. it's not really
my kind of thing.
but Fred wanted me
to deliver the gun. so...
Hmm.
[exhales] I really need
to get to the store...
if that's okay.
[chuckles]
We're good.
Painless. huh?
Didn't feel a thing.
[both chuckle]
Fuck.
So. Matt. once again...
what to do with you?
The old iron mine.
It's remote. plenty big.
Filled with tunnels.
Goldilocks.
I think it's just right.
Hey. is it all right
if I go help with the search?
I was about to suggest that myself.
Great.
Do it.
[phone whooshes]
[phone chimes]
[chuckles]
Oh. shit.
Ethan's got a new pic for his girl.
- Yo.
- [phone whooshes]
[phone whooshes]
[laughter]
- [Scott] Ethan strikes back.
- [goat bleating]
You gonna let him get away with that?
Hey. you think you're fucking funny.
you small-dick anime virgin?!
[grunting]
Leave Ethan alone.
Or I do this to you
every... single... fucking... day.
- [Zach choking]
- [lockers clatter]
What?
Hey. guys.
What's going on?
Just... just chillin'.
Need a ride?
[Harrison] Oh. by the way.
Coach Logan said
I made the wrestling team.
I'll see you guys on the mat.
["Stop Staring" by Japan. Man playing]
♪ Screaming with your eyes ♪
♪ Why is he staring? ♪
So what the hell
was that fight in the hallway?
Ethan told me they've been torturing him
since elementary school.
He's so scared.
he can barely talk to a real person.
They're jerks. I get it.
But when you're from a small town.
you're sort of stuck
with the people you grew up with.
♪ Stop staring... ♪
I wouldn't know.
I moved around a lot.
That must suck.
Upside is I don't really give a shit
about what people think about me.
Where'd you learn how to do that. anyway?
Looked like some real UFC shit.
You pick up a few things in foster homes.
Zach will be fine.
Why. you freaked out?
No.
♪ Why is he staring? ♪
Mom asked me to pick up some stuff
for dinner from the butcher.
Cool by you?
- I got nowhere to be.
- ♪ Stop staring ♪
Hey. Gig.
Got any of your homemade Italian sausage?
Extra spicy?
Mom's cooking pasta salsiccia tonight.
Sure. How much you need?
Mm. Two pounds should do it.
Ah. Coming right up.
You're Jim Lindsay's kid?
That's what they say.
Welcome to Iron Lake.
Sure will be glad when your mom
gets that white buck out of my shop.
What?
Yeah. It's been in the cooler
for almost a week.
- You've got to be kidding me.
- [stammers] Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Audrey. hold up.
They brought it from the crime scene.
Goddamn shame.
Fucking sucks.
What are you gonna do with it?
Once Audrey's mom
no longer needs it for evidence.
I'll call Sanitation
to dispose of the carcass.
I cannot believe they're gonna treat
this amazing creature like...
roadkill.
We should do something before they do.
[panting]
[grunting softly]
[sniffles]
[Dexter] Nice. a three-mile hike
up to the iron mine.
'Cause I just don't get out enough.
So what's the deal with you and your dad?
Before you showed up here.
he never mentioned you.
♪ When I come again... ♪
Mm. It's not worth going into.
What's the deal with you and yours?
Um... he's dead.
Oh.
I'm-I'm sorry.
It was a long time ago.
I barely remember him.
And my birth mom? Nothing.
Wait. Wait. Angela's not...
The woman who gave birth to me
abandoned me right after I was born.
So Angela is my mom.
[Harrison] That your guitar in the back?
It was my Dad's.
I love playing it
knowing he held it in his hands.
[engine rattling]
Oh. and this fucking car was his. too.
- What's wrong?
- [groans] Damn it.
[brakes squeaking]
Probably the damn radiator again.
Yep. Radiator hose split.
[sighs] Got to replace it.
What. you know how to do this shit?
My mom's paranoid about everything.
Made me learn how to change a tire
as soon as I got my learner's permit.
[keys jingling]
Great.
- No bars.
- [equipment clanging]
[sighs] You mind going down that road
and calling Jerry's Auto Shop?
Yeah.
- The number's in my phone.
- Okay.
Tell him I need
a three-inch wide. two-foot long
radiator hose and two clamps.
I got you.
I'll pop this hose off
so we can get out of here sooner.
All right. All right.
[panting]
["My Heart Can Feel the Pain"
by Tonettes playing]
♪ My heart can feel the pain ♪
[women vocalizing]
♪♪♪
Everything all right?
Radiator.
Oh. I. um...
Do you need a ride someplace?
My friend's just up that hill
calling for help.
- Uh-huh.
- He should be back soon.
Well. do you want to wait in my car
until he gets back?
It's warm. Sodas. TV.
I know who you are. Mr. Olsen.
I know the tonnage of CO2
your chemical plants release every year.
The millions you've spent
fighting climate science.
Want to be helpful?
Stop fucking up the planet.
Oh. my.
You know. I find it funny
that you hate me so much.
and here you are
driving this old gas-guzzler.
Some might consider that hypocritical.
but I don't.
People are complicated.
Life's complicated.
One day you'll understand
how the world really works.
You have a good day. Audrey.
Stay safe.
- Any luck?
- [engine starts]
The minute I mentioned your mom's name.
Jerry was halfway to his truck.
- [exhales]
- [engine revs]
[song playing faintly]
- What was that about?
- Just Edward Olsen being a billionaire.
- [water trickling]
- [grunts]
[grunts]
[stammering]
- [gravel falling]
- [panting]
- [metal clangs]
- [grunts. pants]
[Dexter] Mine's not the body
I'm looking to hide.
[rock thuds faintly]
Okay. This'll work.
[sighs]
I miss this.
The quiet.
Calm.
Solitude.
[bear growling]
- [panting]
- [roaring]
Fuck!
[panting]
Fuck! [panting]
[phone buzzing]
[grunts]
[exhales]
Hey. you. What's up?
Just seeing if you want
to come over for dinner tonight.
Tonight? Uh...
I'm not sure I'm up for it.
I'm kind of exhausted. Rain check?
I know. I'm exhausted. too.
You think I feel like cooking
for Audrey and Harrison?
- Harrison?
- Yeah.
Audrey invited him over.
[mouthing]
If you don't want to come. it's okay.
No. I'd love to come.
I'll come.
[ringing]
Sup. Eeth?
I wanted to thank you for today.
Yeah. don't worry about it.
I've always fantasized
about hurting Zach like that.
but you actually did.
[chuckles] Fuck those guys.
They just think they're hard
'cause they hunt and shit.
Uh. they don't know anything
about real violence.
I got a bunch of drawings
of those assholes.
You want to see?
Thrill me.
[chuckles] What are you. like.
The Punisher or something?
[scoffs] They'd be fucking scared
of me if I was. huh?
Fucking petrified.
[sighs]
- [indistinct chatter]
- [fire crackling]
- [dog barks]
- [Dexter] Bears. dogs.
I miss the days when the only animals
I had to worry about were alligators.
[sighs]
And Rusty's dogs spent the day
literally barking up the wrong tree.
They couldn't find shit out there.
I saw. I mean. what do you think it means?
I don't know. but I'm going to meet Rusty
and his dogs at the crime scene tomorrow.
What do you mean. you saw?
On the Merry Fucking Kill Instagram.
Can you believe Molly Park
is in Iron Lake?
Who's Molly Park?
- Oh. you got to be fucking kidding me.
- [stammers] Let me see that again?
She was in the store today.
She was loading up on winter gear.
I guess she's sticking around for a while.
Wait. so...
so she's a podcaster?
It's only. like. the most popular
true crime podcast out there.
I mean. she has. like.
a million followers on Instagram.
You're into true crime?
It's murder. but it's funny.
I'll text you my top five.
So...
I got a call from Abraham Brown today.
He said you guys took a little drive
out to the Reservation.
Did you think I wasn't gonna find out?
I was trying to do the right thing.
By going behind my back?
The way that deer's being treated
is. like. totally fucked...
messed up.
Even though it's dead.
it still deserves dignity.
[Angela] I agree.
[Audrey] Then why didn't you do something?
Um. I'm in the middle
of a criminal investigation.
I've been a little busy.
Audz. next time. just come to me
and we can find a solution together.
This isn't some parenting Jedi Mind Trick.
This is me on your side.
[Audrey] I spoke with Abraham.
We came up with a plan for the deer.
Just need you to release it.
Hmm. Say we are done with it.
- What's the plan?
- [Audrey] Gonna do a bonfire...
[Dexter] Who'd have thought
I would find this.
A family in Iron Lake.
A family that I very nearly lost
because of an impulsive kill.
I don't want to lose this.
[Harrison]
...Jim would drive his truck...
[Dexter] All that's left
is to find a spot to...
[Harrison]...move the body.
What?
Y-You could help us
move the deer's body. right?
Your-your truck bed's big enough?
Yeah. Should be.
Hmm. Sounds like a plan.
Great. 'Cause I already told them
we'd be doing it tonight.
Nya:weh sgëno'.
Nya:weh. Angela.
Thank you for agreeing to this.
Of course.
[speaking Seneca]
[Dexter] Humans have always dealt
with death through rituals.
Guess mine are just a little unique.
Hey. we should go.
Look at them... as close as people can be.
And here I stand. ten feet
and 1.000 miles away from my own son.
I should've stood up for you
at school yesterday.
I was wrong.
Yeah. you were.
Well. from now on.
this is me on your side.
Thanks. Dad.
[Dexter] "Dad." Wow.
My new favorite word.
[exhales]
♪ gentle. eerie music playing ♪
♪♪♪
I only wish the rest of my problems
would go up in smoke.
Wait a minute.
[grunting]
Finally.
Rid of Matt's body for good.
[fire roaring]
And now back to abstaining.
- [bolt slides]
- [exhales]
- [grunts]
- [fire roaring. crackling]
But I don't know.
What if it's not the killing
that got me in trouble?
What if it's the not killing?
[whoops]
That does not look like
a grieving father.
[whooping]
- [Kurt laughing]
- What's wrong with this picture?
[Kurt muttering] What'd I do with the...?
There we go.
Hey. Kurt.
Oh. hey. man.
Hey. Hey.
- Did you hear my news?
- No. What's the news?
He's alive.
[laughs softly] Yeah.
Matty's alive.
H-How do you know?
Well. he-he called me.
And we had the best talk.
- Really great talk.
- Must've been amazing to hear his voice.
Oh. yeah. well. I did more
than hear... hear him.
W-We FaceTimed.
FaceTimed.
I actually saw the face
of the son that I thought I had lost.
That's unbelievable.
I know. right?
Hey. come on. why don't you let me
give you a ride home?
I'm just right here...
- I insist.
- Okay.
- You're such a good friend.
- Yeah.
- Geez.
- Matt's ashes.
I try.
I bet this is the closest
Matt and Kurt have ever been.
Ah. you're good.
You're good and I am so lucky.
So lucky to...
be surrounded by such great people.
- [Dexter chuckles]
- [laughs]
- [sighs]
- Especially you. Jimmy.
Hey. my Matty's alive! Can you believe it?
[laughs]
[Dexter] Actually. no.
And why would he lie?
♪ sober music playing ♪
♪♪♪
♪ gentle. mysterious music playing ♪
[music fades]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm